Add YAML quirk and style notes (#61)
microsoft/go-infra: docs/pipeline-yml-style.md

For universal applicability, we use templates to share logic and values between stages. Another benefit is early evaluation: we can sometimes catch errors in the queue dialog (rather than at build-time), saving dev time.

## Editing tools

The [Azure Pipelines extension for VS Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-azure-devops.azure-pipelines) fails to parse our templates properly. It doesn't generally understand template expressions, doesn't understand dynamic template parameters, and the language server crashes when it sees `insert` as the first element in a list, like this:

```yml
- ${{ each value in parameters.thing }}:
  - ${{ insert }}: ${{ value }}
    answer: 42
```

We edit the YAML files with generic YAML tools.

## Indentation style

> The YAML files in this repository indent when starting a list, which isn't typical for pipeline YAML. This isn't specific to AzDO, but 

Author: Just noticed this--it kinda works as a lead-in for the example, but that wasn't what I intended to have here. 😄 

```suggestion
We indent when starting a new list in the YAML files in this repository. This isn't typical for pipeline YAML: in AzDO docs, a list's `-` is on the same column as the element containing the list. Both styles are commonly found in general YAML files. For example, we use:
```

# Azure pipeline YAML style

Our pipeline implementation is shaped by a few AzDO pipeline and YAML quirks. This doc contains notes on these quirks and how they influence how we've written the pipeline YAML.

These notes also apply to the [microsoft/go](https://github.com/microsoft/go) pipelines.

Useful AzDO Pipeline YAML docs:
* [YAML schema reference for Azure Pipelines](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/yaml-schema)
  * [Shortcut steps: `pwsh`, `script`, `publish`, etc.](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/yaml-schema/steps?view=azure-pipelines)
* [Template types & usage](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/process/templates?view=azure-devops)
* [Build and release tasks](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/tasks/?view=azure-devops)

## One stage per job

> If a job fails in a running AzDO build with only one stage, you must wait for every single job to fail before you can retry the failed job. This is a problem: if a long job fails early but other long jobs are still running, we waste time waiting for the whole stage to finish.

Reviewer: I'm not sure I understand this, it seems to contradict itself. You say on stage per job is bad, then say the workaround is to have one stage per job?

Author: Reading this again, nasty ambiguity here:

> If a job fails in a running AzDO build with only one stage ...

With what I had in mind at the time, it means this:

> If a job [out of many other jobs] fails in a running AzDO build [and the build has] only one stage [that contains all the jobs] ...

But could also mean:

> If a job fails in a running AzDO build [and that job has] one stage ...

I think I'll replace this with an example to cut out the English. 😄

Reviewer: Ahh ok, I understand now. Possibly that was made worse by me not understanding exactly what a job vs a stage is. The replacement explanation is even better though :)
